[**klaster-sdk**](../../README.md) • **Docs**

***

[klaster-sdk](../../README.md) / [types](../README.md) / ItxStatusResponse

# Interface: ItxStatusResponse

Represents the response model returned by the /explorer route of the Klaster Node API.
This interface provides detailed information about the status and execution details of an interchain transaction.

 ItxStatusResponse

## Properties

### commitment

> **commitment**: `string`

The cryptographic commitment generated by the Klaster node, guaranteeing
the execution of the interchain transaction.

#### Defined in

[types.ts:183](https://github.com/0xPolycode/klaster-sdk/blob/3cf08fc5b4200ded4c039f2f5c07003d95710139/src/types.ts#L183)

***

### itxHash

> **itxHash**: `string`

The hash of the Klaster Interchain Transaction (iTx). Serves as a unique identifier
for the interchain transaction.

#### Defined in

[types.ts:181](https://github.com/0xPolycode/klaster-sdk/blob/3cf08fc5b4200ded4c039f2f5c07003d95710139/src/types.ts#L181)

***

### node

> **node**: \`0x$\{string\}\`

The address of the Klaster node that is responsible for executing the interchain transaction.

#### Defined in

[types.ts:182](https://github.com/0xPolycode/klaster-sdk/blob/3cf08fc5b4200ded4c039f2f5c07003d95710139/src/types.ts#L182)

***

### paymentInfo

> **paymentInfo**: [`ApiPaymentData`](ApiPaymentData.md) & `object`

Contains information about the payment for the transaction, including the token
used and the actual amount quoted for the execution.

#### Type declaration

##### tokenAmount

> **tokenAmount**: `string`

##### tokenValue

> **tokenValue**: `string`

#### Defined in

[types.ts:184](https://github.com/0xPolycode/klaster-sdk/blob/3cf08fc5b4200ded4c039f2f5c07003d95710139/src/types.ts#L184)

***

### userOps

> **userOps**: [`ExecutedAction`](ExecutedAction.md)[]

An array of ExecutedAction objects, each representing the status and
details of a user operation executed as part of this interchain transaction across different chains.

#### Defined in

[types.ts:188](https://github.com/0xPolycode/klaster-sdk/blob/3cf08fc5b4200ded4c039f2f5c07003d95710139/src/types.ts#L188)
